----
Bo-Heng Lu 盧柏亨  
----
`PDF <https://github.com/eric999j/Clutter/blob/master/files/0.1.2.Interview-Resume.pdf>`_  

- https://eric999j.github.io/about
- https://github.com/eric999j  
- eric999j@gmail.com  
- Experiences
 - Senior Software Engineer               HTC                 Mar.2016-Present    
  - Android Apps 2016-2019  
   - TellHTC: An app for HTC error report and BI data collect mechanism, responsible for code development and maintenance.  
   - SmithLite: An app for SSD team internal use, responsible for code development, interface design and usage flow design.  
   - UIBC: An app for mobile phone and vehicle device interactive projection, responsible for code maintenance.  
   - Play Auto Install, PAI: Install apps from Google play store automatically by different SKU, responsible for code maintenance.  
   - Zion: A cryptocurrency wallet app, responsible for webview add new features, code maintenance.  
  - DevOps 2020
   - Manage AWS, GCP servers and responsible for department accounting.
 - Backend Engineer,Intern              ICL-ITRI               Apr.2013-Feb.2016 3years      
  - Proposed a scheduling algorithm based on real-time system EDF algorithms and improved advertising time usage. 
  - Designed scheduling system for taxi advertising, and cooperate with the Taiwan Taxi.
  - Designed Location-Based and Interest-Based Recommendation System.
  - Built server library “Trust Circle” for “BuddySquare” platform which adopts user’s historical data to make recommendations. 

- Technical Skills   
Familiar with android system design, scheduling and admission control. Having experiences to design recommendation system.  
 - Knowledges: Design Pattern, Machine Learning, Deep Learning 
 - Programming Languages: Java, Python    
 - Tools: Anaconda, Git, Spyder, Tomcat    
 - Systems: Android, CentOS, OSX, iOS, Ubuntu, Windows   

- Software Projects
 - `Java Design Pattern <https://github.com/eric999j/DesignPattern>`_
 - `Python Practices <https://github.com/eric999j/Udemy_Python_Hand_On>`_
 - `Python Conway's Game of Life <https://github.com/eric999j/Conway-s-Game-of-Life>`_  
 - `Python Gif Resampling <https://github.com/eric999j/PILTest/blob/master/Panda_Gif2.ipynb>`_ 
 - `NodeJS Telegram Bot <https://github.com/eric999j/TelegramPandaBot>`_ 
 
- Leadership and Awards 
 - `IT Home Competition AI&Data, 2019 <https://ithelp.ithome.com.tw/users/20114906/ironman/2153>`_
 - The Member of the Phi Tau Phi Scholastic Honor Society of the R.O.C., 2013
 - Graduation Thematic Competition,THU, 2013
 - Certificate of Honor,THU, 2013
 - `2nd NCHC SCC, 2012 <https://event.nchc.org.tw/2012/tscc/print_content.php?CONTENT_ID=25>`_ 
 - 2nd High-Performance Virtual Cluster Design Competition ,NCHU, 2012
 - Certificate of Academic Honors Tunghai University,THU, 2010-2012  
 - Certificate of Tunghai University Presidential Award, 2009-2012
  
- Publications
 - `ITRI Journal of Information and Communication Technology , 2016 <https://ictjournal.itri.org.tw/content/Messagess/contents.aspx?&MmmID=654304432061644411&CatID=654313611255143006&MSID=707031015232142422>`_  

- Educations 

+------------------------+-------------------------------------------+-------------------+
|  M.S.                  | National Chiao Tung University,NCTU       | Feb.2013- Feb.2016|
|                        |            Hsinchu                        |      3 years      |
+========================+===========================================+===================+
|  Major                 |                        Network Engineering                    |
|                        |              The second year of the Master’s program.         |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------+-------------------+
|  Advisor               |          Yi-Bing Lin 林一平                                   |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------+-------------------+


 - Master Thesis: 
 - `Scheduling and Admission Control for Taxi Advertising System(AiritiLibrary) <http://www.airitilibrary.com/Publication/alDetailedMesh1?DocID=U0030-1705201615211251>`_ 
 - `Scheduling and Admission Control for Taxi Advertising System(NCTU) <https://ir.nctu.edu.tw/handle/11536/139562>`_
 - Program Highlights: Scheduling and Admission Control, Recommendation System, System Analysis and Design  

+------------------------+-------------------------------------------+--------------------+
|  B.S.                  |       Tunghai University,THU              | Sep.2009- Jan.2013 |
|                        |         Taichung                          |      4 years       |
+========================+===========================================+====================+
| Major                  |                          Computer Science                      |
|                        |                   Ranked 1st. Average 92.76                    |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| Advisor                |          Fang-Yi Lu  呂芳懌                                    |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------+--------------------+

 - Final Project: `Restaurant Management System Based on Android Platform <http://www.cs.thu.edu.tw/web/subject/detail.php?cid=1&id=10>`_ 
 - Program Highlights: Object-Oriented Programming(Java), Algorithms and Data Structure, Database System  
