----
Bo-Heng Lu 盧柏亨  
----
[PDF]  

- Personal Details
 - https://github.com/eric999j  
 - Address:  
 - Phone:+886  
 - E-mail: eric999j@gmail.com  
- Personal Statement
 - Hi, I'm Eric. I worked at HTC and ITRI as a software engineer for 3 years separately. We use Java developed several apps in HTC, I also developed several libaries in ITRI，I enjoy cooperating with people and learning new knowledge and skills to adapt to the trend of the technology.

- Educations 

+------------------------+-------------------------------------------+-------------------+
|  M.S.                  | National Chiao Tung University,NCTU       | Feb.2013- Feb.2016|
|                        |            Hsinchu                        |      3 years      |
+========================+===========================================+===================+
|  Major                 |                        Network Engineering                    |
|                        |              The second year of the Master’s program.         |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------+-------------------+
|  Advisor               |          Yi-Bing Lin 林一平                                   |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------+-------------------+

 - Master Thesis: 
 - `Scheduling and Admission Control for Taxi Advertising System(AiritiLibrary) <http://www.airitilibrary.com/Publication/alDetailedMesh1?DocID=U0030-1705201615211251>`_ 
 - `Scheduling and Admission Control for Taxi Advertising System(NCTU) <https://ir.nctu.edu.tw/handle/11536/139562>`_
 - Program Highlights: Scheduling and Admission Control,Recommendation System, System Analysis and Design  

+------------------------+-------------------------------------------+--------------------+
|  B.S.                  |       Tunghai University,THU              | Sep.2009- Jan.2013 |
|                        |         Taichung                          |      4 years       |
+========================+===========================================+====================+
| Major                  |                          Computer Science                      |
|                        |                   Ranked 1st. Average 92.76                    |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| Advisor                |          Fang-Yi Lu  呂芳懌                                    |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------+--------------------+
 - Final Project: `Restaurant Management System Based on Android Platform <http://www.cs.thu.edu.tw/web/subject/detail.php?cid=1&id=10>`_ 
 - Program Highlights: Object-Oriented Programming(Java), Algorithms and Data Structure, Database System  
 
- Technical Skills   
Familiar with android system design, scheduling and admission control. Having experiences to design recommendation system.  
 - Knowledges: Design Pattern, Machine Learning, Deep Learning 
 - Programming Languages: Java, Python    
 - Tools: Anaconda, Git, Spyder, Tomcat    
 - Systems: Android, CentOS, OSX, iOS, Ubuntu, Windows  

- Honors and Awards
 - `IT Home Competition AI&Data, 2019 <https://ithelp.ithome.com.tw/users/20114906/ironman/2153>`_
 - The Member of the Phi Tau Phi Scholastic Honor Society of the R.O.C., 2013
 - `2nd NCHC SCC, 2012 <https://event.nchc.org.tw/2012/tscc/print_content.php?CONTENT_ID=25>`_ 
 - 2nd High-Performance Virtual Cluster Design Competition ,NCHU, 2012

- Publications
 - `ITRI Journal of Information and Communication Technology , 2016 <https://ictjournal.itri.org.tw/content/Messagess/contents.aspx?&MmmID=654304432061644411&CatID=654313611255143006&MSID=707031015232142422>`_  
 
- Certifications 
 -[相關證照]
 
- Relevant Experience
 - Senior Software Engineer               HTC                 Mar.2016-Present    
  - Android Apps 2016-2019  
   - TellHTC: An app for HTC error report and BI data collect mechanism, responsible for code development and maintenance.  
   - SmithLite: An app for SSD team internal use, responsible for code development, interface design and usage flow design. 
   - UIBC: An app for mobile phone and vehicle device interactive projection, responsible for code maintenance.  
   - Play Auto Install, PAI: Install apps from Google play store automatically by different SKU, responsible for code mantenance.  
 - Backend Engineer,Intern              ICL-ITRI               Apr.2013-Feb.2016 3years      
  - Proposed a scheduling algorithm based on real-time system EDF algorithms and improved advertising time usage. 
  - Designed scheduling system for taxi advertising, and cooperate with the Taiwan Taxi.
  - Built server library “Trust Circle” for “BuddySquare” platform which adopts user’s historical data to make recommendations. 

- Software Projects
 - `Java Design Pattern <https://github.com/eric999j/DesignPattern>`_
 - `Python Practices <https://github.com/eric999j/Udemy_Python_Hand_On>`_
 - `Python Coway's Game of Life <https://github.com/eric999j/Conway-s-Game-of-Life>`_  
 - `NodeJS Telegram Bot <https://github.com/eric999j/TelegramPandaBot>`_ 
 
- Community Involvement
 -[不僅專注於學術機構服務，亦積極參與貢獻學校及社區]

- Reference
 -[推薦人]
 
- Glossary
 - NCHC,National Center for High-Performance Computing Taiwan  
 - SCC,Student Cluster Challenge  
 - ITRI,Industrial Technology Research Institute  
 - ICL,Information and Communications Research Laboratories  
