----
Bo-Heng Lu 盧柏亨  
----
- https://eric999j.github.io/about
- https://github.com/eric999j  
- eric999j@gmail.com  
- Experiences
 - Senior Software Engineer               HTC                 Mar.2016-Present   
  - DevOps 2020
   - Optimize team accounting workflow, responsible for billing monthly and audit yearly.
  - Android Apps 2016-2019  
   - Zion: A cryptocurrency wallet app, responsible for webview add new features, code maintenance.   
   - UIBC: An app for mobile phone and vehicle device interactive projection, responsible for code maintenance.  
   - Play AutoInstall, PAI: Install apps from Google play store automatically by different SKU, responsible for code maintenance.  
   - SmithLite: An app for SSD team internal use, responsible for code development, interface design and usage flow design. 
   - TellHTC: An app for HTC error report and BI data collect mechanism, responsible for code development and maintenance.  
 - Backend Engineer, Intern              ICL-ITRI               Apr.2013-Feb.2016 3years      
  - Designed a taxi advertising scheduling system.
  - Developed a Location-Based and Interest-Based recommendation system and sold to National Quemoy University.
  - Proposed a scheduling algorithm based on real-time system EDF algorithms and improved advertising time usage. 
  - Built server library “Trust Circle” for the “BuddySquare” platform which adopts user’s historical data to make recommendations.  

- **Software Projects**
 - Automation, Dockerized Hexo Blog https://eric999j.github.io/engineer/automation/ 
 
- **Technical Skills**  
 - Familiar with android system design, scheduling and admission control. Having the experience to design recommendation systems.  
 - Knowledge: Design Pattern, Machine Learning, Deep Learning 
 - Programming Languages: Java, Python    
 - Tools: Anaconda, Git, Spyder, Tomcat    
 - Systems: Android, CentOS, OSX, iOS, Ubuntu, Windows  
 
- Leadership and Awards 
 - IT Home Competition AI&Data, 2019 https://ithelp.ithome.com.tw/users/20114906/ironman/2153
 - The Member of the Phi Tau Phi Scholastic Honor Society of the R.O.C., 2013
 - Graduation Thematic Competition, THU, 2013
 - Certificate of Honor, THU, 2013
 - 2nd NCHC SCC, 2012 https://event.nchc.org.tw/2012/tscc/print_content.php?CONTENT_ID=25
 - 2nd High-Performance Virtual Cluster Design Competition, NCHU, 2012
 - Certificate of Academic Honors Tunghai University, THU, 2010-2012  
 - Certificate of Tunghai University Presidential Award, 2009-2012
  
- Publications
 - ITRI Journal of Information and Communication Technology, 2016 
https://ictjournal.itri.org.tw/content/Messagess/contents.aspx?&MmmID=654304432061644411&CatID=654313611255143006&MSID=707031015232142422 

- Educations 
 - Master Thesis: 
 - Scheduling and Admission Control for Taxi Advertising System(NCTU) https://ir.nctu.edu.tw/handle/11536/139562
 - Program Highlights: Scheduling and Admission Control, Recommendation System, System Analysis and Design  
 
 - Final Project:
 - Restaurant Management System Based on Android Platform http://www.cs.thu.edu.tw/web/subject/detail.php?cid=1&id=10
 - Program Highlights: Object-Oriented Programming(Java), Algorithms and Data Structure, Database System  
